The number of people who agree or disagree with you has absolutely no bearing on whether you're *right*.  The universe has a way of deciding that for itself.
The truth of any proposition has nothing to do with its credibility...and vice versa.
If you don't like yourself, you can't like other people.
It may be better to be a live jackal than a dead lion, but it is better still to be a live lion.  And usually easier.
Men rarely, if ever, manage to dream up a god superior to themselves.  Most gods have the morals and manners of a spoiled child.
An Elephant;  A Mouse built to government specifications.
Democracy is based on the assumption that a million men are wiser than one man. How's that again?  I missed something.
Taxes are not levied for the benefit of the taxed.
You live and learn.  Or you don't live long.
Only a sadistic scoundrel - or a fool - tells the bald truth on social occasions.
Natural laws have no pity.
Sin lies only in hurting other people unnecessarily.  All other 'sins' are invented nonsense.  (Hurting yourself is not sinful - just stupid.)
Never appeal to a man's better nature.  He may not have one. Invoking his self-interest gives you more leverage.
You can have peace,  or you can have freedom.  Don't ever count on having both at once.
A woman is not property. Husbands who think otherwise are living in a dreamworld.
Ignorance is not a sin. Ignorance cannot be cured with money, or by legislation, but only with education.  But Ignorance is the only universal capital crime. The sentence is death;  there is no appeal, and execution is carried out automatically and without pity.
The correct way to punctuate a sentence that starts 'Of course it's none of my business but...' is to place a period after the word 'but'.  Don't use excessive force in supplying such morons with a period.  Cutting his throat is only a momentary pleasure and is bound to get you talked about.
Argue for your limitations and, sure enough, they're yours.
You are never given a wish or dream without also being given the power to make it come true.  You may have to work for it though.
Here is a test to find out whether your mission on earth is finished;  If you're alive, it isn't.
